# For more accurate results, would recommend to use OPENAI (paid version), which can process image and directly anlyse it.

# After purchasing the OpenAI key
The modification is integrating OpenAI's API, which allows the app to transform technical JSON data into simple, user-friendly text.

1.	Install and Import openai. We need the OpenAI package to interact with its API.
pip install openai - Install
import openai - Import
2.	Then, set the API key in the code.
Openai_key = 'your_openai_key'
3.	New function should be written, which takes the JSON analysis report generated by the OCR process and converts it into a non-technical summary using OpenAI's API.
4.	Use OpenAI's Completion.create() method to make a request to the text-davinci-003 model, which is well-suited for generating natural language explanations.
5.	Once the text is generated, save it in a text file.
6.	The API route returns the latest human-readable report, which allows users to access the most recent report in a simple format via the Flask app.


# screenshot-analyzer

This application takes screenshots at regular intervals, processes them using EasyOCR and a Hugging Face summarizer, and generates readable reports.

## Prerequisites

- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) (VS Code) 
- Python 3.11.

# install the requirements.txt file

"pip install -r requirements.txt"

# Running the Application

Start the Flask Server

Run the application using: "python app.py"

The server will start, and you can access it at http://127.0.0.1:5000/report.

or

click the "Run Python File" on the top right corner of the VSCode window.

The output can be seen on the terminal opened up below once program runs.
